SECTION ONE


Smart Contract is an address on the ethereum network which is controlled by code.
Smart Contract properties:
    1. balance - Amount of ether this account owns.
    2. storage - Data storage for this contract.
    3. code - Raw machine code for this contract.

Smart Contract Pipeline
    -> Contract Definition
    -> Solidity Compiler
    -> Compiler produces 2 files
        1) Byte Code : This is the actual byte code that will be deployed to the Ethereum Network. This stuff gets stuffed into our contract account.
        2) Application Binary Interface (ABI) : Essentially an API. Key for writing applications that can interact with the deployed smart contact.

The Storate Variables of a smart contract can be seen like instance variables in C++. Pet class w/ public variables name & petType. That is what a Storage Variable is. 

Function Types
    1) public : Anyone can call this function. Exclusive with Private.
    2) private : Only this contract can call this function. Exclusive with Public.
    3) view : This function returns data and does not modify the contracts data.       
    4) constant : This function returns data and does not modify the contracts data.    
    5) pure : Function will not modify or even read the contracts data.
    6) payable : When someone calls this function they might send ether along.

Changing anything on the blockchain means we must submit a Transaction.

CALL cannot modifiy the contract state.
SEND can modify the contract state.

gasPrice : Amount of WEI the sender is willing to pay per unit gas to get this transaction processed.
startGas/gasLimit : Units of gas that this transaction can consume.


SECTION TWO



Mocha functions
1) it - runs a test and make an assertion.
2) describe - Groups together 'it' functions.
3) beforeEach - Execute some general setup code.


We can use Web3 to create new contracts but also to interact with existing deployed contracts as well. 
To interacte with an existing contract we need the ABI & the address of the deployed contract.
To deloy a new contract we need the ABI & the Bytecode.



